Adding basic example (#877)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-environments.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic example

> This example will list environments for space [Target - Docker](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-103)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists environments for space [Target - Docker](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-103):
```
